Content breakup & cleanup (#1194)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-temporal-cluster.md

  For production environments, we recommend using Elasticsearch.

An Elasticsearch database can be added to enable [Advanced Visibility](/concepts/what-is-advanced-visibility).

**Versions**

Temporal tests compatibility by spanning the **minimum** and **maximum** stable non-EOL major versions for each supported database.

> As of time of writing, these specific versions used in our test pipelines and actively tested before we release any version of Temporal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of time of writing, these specific versions are used in our test pipelines and actively tested before we release any version of Temporal:
```

- **Cassandra v3.11 and v4.0**
- **PostgreSQL v10.18 and v13.4**
- **MySQL v5.7 and v8.0** (specifically 8.0.19+ due to a bug)

> We will update these support ranges once a year and the release notes of each Temporal Server will declare when we plan to drop support for database versions reaching End of Life.
> Since Temporal Server primarily relies on core database functionality, we do not expect compatibility to break often.
> 
> - We only rely on core database features, so compatibility should not break often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We update these support ranges once a year.
The release notes of each Temporal Server declare when we plan to drop support for database versions reaching End of Life.

- Because Temporal Server primarily relies on core database functionality, we do not expect compatibility to break often.
```

  Temporal has no opinions on database upgrade paths; as long as you can upgrade your database according to each project's specifications, Temporal should work with any version within supported ranges.
- We do not run tests with vendors like Vitess and CockroachDB, so you rely on their compatibility claims if you use them.

>   Please feel free to discuss them with fellow users [in our forum](https://community.temporal.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Feel free to discuss them with fellow users [in our forum](https://community.temporal.io/).
```
Per "please" in https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-p

> - Temporal is [working on official SQLite v3.x persistence](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/pulls?q=is%3Apr+sort%3Aupdated-desc+sqlite), but this is only meant for development and testing, not production usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Temporal is [working on official SQLite v3.x persistence](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal/pulls?q=is%3Apr+sort%3Aupdated-desc+sqlite), but this is meant only for development and testing, not production usage.
```

  Cassandra, MySQL, and PostgreSQL schemas are supported and thus can be used as the Server's database.

#### Monitoring & observation

Temporal emits metrics by default in a format that is supported by Prometheus.
Monitoring and observing those metrics is optional.

> Any software that can pull metrics that supports the same format could be used, but we only ensure it works with Prometheus and Grafana versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any software that can pull metrics that supports the same format could be used, but we ensure it works with Prometheus and Grafana versions only.
```
